Downgrade (#87)
tlswg/tls-subcerts: draft-ietf-tls-subcerts.md

If the extension is present, the server MAY send a delegated credential; if the
extension is not present, the server MUST NOT send a delegated credential.
The server MUST ignore the extension unless TLS 1.3 or a later version is
negotiated.  An example of when a server could choose not to send a delegated
credential is when the SignatureSchemes listed only contain signature schemes

> for which a corresponding delegated credential does not exist, or if the
> SignatureSchemes advertised are not considered secure enough for the connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for which a corresponding delegated credential does not exist or are
otherwise unsuitable for the connection.
```
